c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Filebase.exe.config
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Filebase.exe
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Filebase.pdb
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\FireBase.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\obj\Debug\Filebase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\obj\Debug\Filebase.exe
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\obj\Debug\Filebase.pdb
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\MQTTnet.Core.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\MQTTnet.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.IO.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.Core.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.dll
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.IO.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.MachineLearning.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.Math.Core.xml
c:\Users\lexpc\OneDrive\เอกสาร\visual studio 2017\Projects\IotSub\Filebase\bin\Debug\Accord.Statistics.xml
